I did one last year so it's probably time for another year in review. It'll be
mentioned more in the non-technology section but I did spend 6 months in Japan
and that will be a theme in why I haven't made as much progress in side projects
as I desired.

# tarpaulin

Tarpaulin had some significant speed improvements in 2025 as well as improvements
on memory usage in the llvm coverage parsing. Additionally, the llvm profraw parsing
code I've written in [llvm-profparser](https://github.com/xd009642/llvm-profparser)
is being used by Ferrous Systems in a new project. They've helped by contributing
more testing, and fixes to parts of the library which Tarpaulin doesn't hit and it's
been a pleasure collaborating with them on something I wrote.

The focus in 2026 will be taking more of the existing issues and closing more and
more of them. Hopefully, UX issues with workspaces and excluding code from results
can be solved in a way that's more intuitive to people.

Tarpaulin has seen 14 releases in 2025 (and including New Years Day). That's 3 more
releases than last year and from 12 contributors (including me and ignoring
dependabot).

# streaming audio API blog series

In 2024 I started a [blog series on streaming audio APIs](2024/10/19/how-to-build-streaming-audio-APIs) 
with 4 posts released and a working system which could be used as a basis for things
like streaming transcription services. In 2025 I only managed to release a single post
but with 2 others in a draft state.

Currently, there's a post on implementing the production metrics for these sorts of
APIs. It's in revisions and I hope to get it out within a month or two. But first I want
to add more details to the section on tokio-metrics...

After that I aim on releasing the one on batching futures for performance. I might be
ambitious and aim for the Opentelemetry one but given how terrible the Otel developer
experience is that one might take a long time...

# wiremocket

Last year I released [wiremocket](https://github.com/xd009642/wiremocket) to minimal
interest. This was expected as not everyone likes mocking, and most people don't like
websockets. However, it's as complete as I need for the few times I need it which
means unless people raise issues or I need more it can be seen as feature complete.

My current plan is just to keep bumping up dependency versions as new versions come
out and otherwise keep it in a light maintenance mode.

# asyncapiv3

I did start some work on improving [asyncapiv3](https://github.com/dghilardi/asyncapiv3)
submitting 7 PRs in the end. My hope was to make something similar to an openapi
experience for websocket APIs. I'll have to go back into my notes for this but I
believe the library should be at a place where it can be used to power something
similar to [utoipa](https://github.com/juhaku/utoipa) in Rust.

Currently at my day job, clients consuming websocket APIs is lower priority than
it used to be. This does mean my work on this has somewhat stalled.

# trustfall

Last year I got into [trustfall](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/trustfall) some
more and wrote [a post on it](https://xd009642.github.io/2025/08/18/Making-CLI-tools-with-Trustfall.html).
I also, revived Predrag's WIP PR for a trustfall docs site and filled in some
more details (See the PR [here](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/trustfall/pull/807)).

There's a [tracking issue](https://github.com/obi1kenobi/trustfall/issues/819) for
ideas for the docs and missing holes. I hope to get back to this work and hopefully
something will be up and hosted this year. Trustfall is a cool piece of technology
and helping making it easier to adopt would make me personally happy!

# outside of technology

I mentioned in the past year in review I'd be spending some months in Japan.
All in all that was 6 months during which I did get married with a traditional
Shinto ceremony. Obviously, a large landmark in life and definitely a unique
experience, the kimono was like 5-7 layers and in 85% humidity it does become
a feat of human endurance.

In Japan my Japanese progress has obviously leapt forwards. It's not where I
want it to be but spending most of my time around people with little to no
English has sharpened up my listening comprehension and speaking skills. I
also helped out on the family rice farm splitting my time between my day job
and rice farming for a few months.

I did get to see a reasonable amount of Japan, a lot around the Shizuoka
prefecture where I was living, Tokyo, Nagoya, Nagano, Hiroshima, Imabari,
Yamanashi. I should be back again this year and hopefully I'll have time
to explore more of Japan north of Tokyo.

Reading wise I just managed to finish _Hyperion_ by Dan Simmons, and I'm
partway through _How to Blowup a Pipeline_ by Andreas Malm. I didn't get to
any of my other reading targets too many other things going on! I did start
reading more manga though, mainly classics and seinen with Beserk and Oyasumi
Punpun being the ones that have taken the most of my time.

I did definitely play a lot more games though. I finished everything I planned
to last year (1000xRESIST, Chasing Static, Hollowbody, Half Life 1). I also
picked and completed other fun indies like [Parking Garage Rally Circuit](https://store.steampowered.com/app/2737300/Parking_Garage_Rally_Circuit/)
and [Selaco](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1592280/Selaco/).

[Cult of the Lamb](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1313140/Cult_of_the_Lamb/) was
also something I really enjoyed. But the most time I've put in a game last 
year has to be [Dwarf Fortress](https://store.steampowered.com/app/975370/Dwarf_Fortress/)
where I've racked up around 100 hours in 2025.

In terms of TV/Film, I've mainly watched a lot of anime since getting
back to the UK. All of Naruto + Naruto Shippuden, Orb, Dandadan, Spy X Family
and Yuru Camp are the ones that spring to mind as standouts. For film I've
watched a lot and some standouts (not animated) are:

* Shin Kamen Rider (Dir. Hideaki Anno)
* Onibaba (Dir. Kaneto Shindō)
* Decision to Leave (Dir. Park Chan-wook)
* Memories of Murder (Dir. Bong Joon Ho)
* Pulse (Dir. Kiyoshi Kurosawa)
* Weapons (Dir. Zach Cregger)
* In the Mood for Love (Dir. Wong Kar-Wai)

I've also started trying to watch all Akira Kurosawa films: Seven Samurai, Ran and 
Throne of Blood are all amazing. For animated films Jin Roh - Wolf Brigade is an
amazing work of animation and 100 meters might get me on a sport anime kick. Plus
the Chainsaw Man movie was an amazing spectacle.
